[WIP] [data grid] Allow to opt out of the row selection exclude model (#19423)
mui/mui-x: docs/data/data-grid/row-selection/row-selection.md

Use the `rowSelectionModel` prop to control the selection.
Each time this prop changes, the `onRowSelectionModelChange` callback is called with the new selection value.

The row selection model has the following structure:

```tsx
const [rowSelectionModel, setRowSelectionModel] = React.useState<GridRowSelectionModel>({
  type: 'include', // or 'exclude'
  ids: new Set<GridRowId>(['row1', 'row2']),
});
```

The model can be either:
- **`type: 'include'`**: Only the rows with IDs in the `ids` set are selected
- **`type: 'exclude'`**: All rows are selected except those with IDs in the `ids` set

{{"demo": "ControlledSelectionGrid.js", "bg": "inline"}}

### Opting out of exclude model optimization

By default, the Data Grid uses an exclude model optimization when selecting all rows (e.g., via "Select all" checkbox) for better performance with large datasets.

> If you prefer predictable behavior with explicit row IDs, you can disable this optimization:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

To opt out of the `exclude` model and always use `include` model and a predictable behavior with explicit row IDs, pass `disableRowSelectionExcludeModel` prop to the Data Grid.
```

```tsx
<DataGrid 
  disableRowSelectionExcludeModel 
  // This ensures the selection model always uses type: 'include'
  // with explicit row IDs, even when selecting all rows
/>
```

> When `disableRowSelectionExcludeModel={true}`, the Data Grid will always use the include model with explicit row IDs.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
